# Target Persona:
"Sooth" intends to help young people (12-35) of all genders and occupations (particularly those with stressful lives) who have difficulties staying calm, having difficulty concentrating where there is undesirable background noise or perhaps even have anxiety. 

# How Will "Sooth" Help?:
"Sooth" is designed to help people who find it difficult to concentrate or to remain calm. With the world becoming much more fast-paced, people who live such fast-paced lives now have so many things to worry about - work, social relations, personal enjoyment etc. Sooth therefore aims to calm these people down, so that they can have some time to think for themselves, as individuals often feel uncomofortable doing so in absolute silence. "Sooth" can also help by playing background noise that is soothing and aids in concentration, as opposed to other distracting background noises that people can have going on while they are trying to concentrate. As calmness and soothing environments differ for everyone, the app includes different types of background noise that an individual is likely to find calming - including ocean noises, forest noises, quiet and calming noises from social scenes, as well as calming noises from a bright park atmosphere.

# Extensibility of App:
The app can be expanded to other audiences who wish to experience a different calming environment everyday. The app can be monetized to include other fun and soothing background noises that people prefer, so long as there is a mutual desire for such a background noise to be included. The audience can be made wider by including individuals experiencing psychological problems and "Sooth" can be a helpful prescription for afflicted individuals to deal with their problems. It can also be extended across to the international market, where people from different cultures may wish to expand the range of background noises, demonstrating the sounds that they feel comofrtable with.